1.1
Today, I took a look at op55 and found that the first paragraph had been played wrong before it was a double tone. It wasn't the lead tone, so it was never heard.
1.3
I practiced the third movement for Liu Ruosha's recording, but she was too fast and I was going to be a bit slower.
Keep the tone longer, the left hand is light and fast, and the chords cannot be dragged. When playing the first part of the left hand, the right hand is the main sound should play at their own rhythm, should not wait for the left hand.
1.4
The recording of the third movement today sounds much better than before.
1.6
Class. The 599 class was okay. The left hand rhythm had a problem with the right hand scale. The second movement of the Sonata should have a sense of ritual. Then began to play a small sonata and little Bach. When the teacher told Bach’s background, there was a place that confused me and said that Bach’s Baroque period was BC. I think I should study these history.
1.7
After practicing #57 of 599 for two days, the chords are still not light enough. Although the rest is not difficult, but the work of reading music is more, I have to seize the time.
1.8
The teacher said that Bach's music did not look so easy, and it really was. Tossed for more than 2 hours has not yet fully played down.
1.9
At 10:30 in the evening until 12:00, focus on training the second paragraph, or did not run completely. Because I saw Shi Shucheng's video, the rhythm should not be a problem.
1.13
This week is busy and I can practice for about 2 hours every day. Although it does not seem difficult, I tried my best to finish the first movement of the little sonata, and the second movement failed.
1.14
Class. The teacher’s lectures pay special attention to the time signature and tone. I rarely watch this when practicing. So all of the 6/8 shots I made were strong shots, not at all. The major should be lively, and the minor should be weaker. The teacher said that he should watch the scores, not the video imitations.
I went back and played 599 # 57. I remembered what the teacher had played. Then I understood the rhythm here and needed some speed to support it.
1.16
After thinking about it for a long time, I still did not attend the company's annual meeting. Although there are many prizes, I do not feel that I am able to appear in such a bright and beautiful occasion.
1.17
Listening to He Yuan talking about time management this morning, I feel that using the Pomodoro Technique to practice the piano is quite appropriate. So I tried it. My idea is that each tomato only practices one song and arranges the plan ahead of schedule. However, this tomato potato app has some features, but I look at the official website, as well as the developer api, you can customize.
1.18
Tried the tomato work method, practiced 3 for 2 hours yesterday, and practiced 4 for 3 hours today. It feels good.
1.19
Not much practice before 599, although speed enough but some places will break.
1.20
Class. 599 no58 is OK, can not be too heavy to play. Bach's rhythm and severity have some problems. I have a hard time playing Duncan. mf and f can't be the same, and I haven't played at the end of my first sentence because I didn't pay attention to the right hand position at home. Small sonatas, the first movement better than before, pay attention to the left hand melody. There was a problem with the tone of the second movement, and in the tr's place, I was playing the wrong thing. The teacher didn't elaborate on it. I went back and tried again. This time we had a Grieg op12 no2. It felt a bit difficult.
The teacher said that he would use the power of his arm and he would have air under his hand. I still don't understand it.
1.21
Simple planning, this week's work needs at least 30 tomatoes, because at 12:30 on Saturdays to see the teeth, so the time is very tight.
1.23
I found the left hand's little finger to be awkward, and the joint would collapse when I pressed the piano. It should be a question of insufficient strength. 599 The no59 is relatively simple. It is easy to learn the rules of the phrase in the waltz of the Grieg waltz. It is possible to practice, but the score seems to be wrong in some places. I want to practice the new song this week, and then review the old one.
1.26
I found that when I played the third movement of the little sonata, I had some problems with the rhythm, so I started practicing with the metronome and it was a lot better than before.
1.28
Class. Cherny, the sound of the skipping bomb is not light enough, it is slow, and it must have a 2/4 shot. Bach can't skip too fast. The little sonata, the end of the second movement, the vibrato can add some force. The third movement must be lively and lively. Pay attention to raising your hand. The middle section must be right and left handed. In the waltz, the first tone of each section is slightly longer. The left hand must be connected and the middle part must be raised.
1.29
Little Bach's difficulty is indeed increasing, no5 practiced 10 tomatoes or not smooth. The 599-59 was faster than before, but the original speed 112 was too fast. I think it would be good to reach 60.
1.30
I recorded 599-59 for 30 seconds. I found that the left hand was very uneven and far below the level of the right hand, so I only practice once a day. Perhaps the left and right hands at the same time 12345 will help develop the left hand. Little Bach 5 practiced 14 tomatoes to be ok. 599-60 is fairly simple, but the right hand has two parts, and the first sound is held to the 1st to 4th 16th notes.
2.4
There is a lecture in the afternoon and the teacher is very important. When you are sitting, your right foot is in front of your left foot, your waist is straight, and your wrists are relaxed.
In class, the teacher was in a good mood today and gave me more talk for a while. 59 of 599, I played fast right and left hands were missing, Bach wanted to pop 2/2, but I didn't understand it yet. Small sonatas, some of the second movements cadence; the third movement, the first two paragraphs of the first sentence behind the front, behind the 257,575 places, accented in 7575, left hand not to go down. Grieg, it feels a bit cold.
2.6
I was too busy lately to keep the practice time. I must give up something.
2.9
The small sonata is still difficult to practice, the first movement is easy to break, the second movement is difficult to handle, and the third movement has a problem with rhythm.
2.10
Today, the teacher was ill and didn’t come to class. I didn’t have WeChat to contact the teacher, but only after the 25th. There is an aunt who looks 40-50 years old. She is the same teacher as me and has been asking me how can I practice fast. However, she did not study for 3 months. I did not know how to answer and told her to practice scales because I think the biggest improvement in this year is the scale.
2.12
I strive to review my previous studies on this holiday season and try new songs. Did not dare to touch too deep, probably 599, small Bach or small sonata behind a few. Although all previous studies have been able to play off, there are not really many. For example, 599-37 I practiced for a long time, but the last two sounds have not been played well. In addition, I would like to take this time to change my previous bad habits, such as sitting and hand problems. Do not want to pursue progress, and now the map is refreshing, and it is uncomfortable to be beaten again when it is difficult to learn.
Regarding the scores, I don't know if there are any problems with the current method. Now it takes 10-15 tomatoes to get a song and it takes up most of the piano time. Because I'm playing a round of bullets over and over until the entire song is shot. However, according to the methods described in some books, it is only necessary to practice the passage alone. I think this is very efficient, but it affects the overall feeling, but it is still not used.
I will write about the experience of learning piano for one year to share with the group, then I will record some videos to pay for advice.
2.22
During the holidays, I only touched one piece of music. Clementi op36-no2, which took about 4-5 days to play, counted a total of 40 tomatoes in the past few days. The more obvious feeling is that this song will amplify the imperfections of the performance. A slight lack in one place will greatly affect the experience, especially when the duration of some sounds I play is short. Did not use the metronome, recorded a feeling of a mess, and then use the speed of the metronome 88 down a lot better. The left hand is more important, and there are always problems with the scales, so I practiced the D major scale alone. After that, it is the issue of strengths and weaknesses, so that we can express emotions. Finally for the overall effect, but also to speed up some, the original speed of 112, about 1 minute and a few seconds playing the complete song.
After listening to almost all of the minor sonatas, the favorite is the first movement of the Kuora op20-3. I heard no feeling before, but now I hear that the chords here are very imposing. However, it is still difficult to practice now. The rehearsal tracks are 37, 41, 45, 46, 47, 53, 54 of 599, each of which probably requires a tomato to re-emerge.
Bruggeelle advanced the Etudes, bought a book, and listened to it again. There is no plan for studying for the time being.
In 8 days, 48 ​​tomatoes were practiced, and only 5 were trained for several days. The next few days were mainly prepared for review. Although there is time, I don't really want to practice. I feel bored and lack motivation.
2.23
The D major scale uses about 5 tomatoes and can be played smoothly with both hands, but the speed is slower. Then continue to smooth out the other scales.
The little sonata recorded the three movements. The first movement is very good, and the second and third movements always feel unstable.
2.25
Warming up before class, the previous feeling is that the hands are stiff and are not stiff now, but the palm joints of the hands are very soft (especially the right thumb) and it takes 20 minutes to be good.
Class. Cherny 63 requires the consistency of the whole sentence (I misunderstood ben legato); Little Bach 5, the first tone can not be disconnected, the second sentence should be harder, the first paragraph at the end of the touch can not be stiff; small Bach 6 It is in G minor, the middle turn major. Sonatas should pay attention to the uniformity of the sound, and the third movement should be faster. Grieg, pay attention to keeping the sound.
Mozart K545, I think this song is not difficult as a whole, but vibrato is very difficult (especially where 34 refers). This week I want to go to the development department first.
I feel that there is a lot of progress in the jump. I have no confidence in K545, which is a level 6 or so, because the simple Clementi in front of the practice is more difficult, so I still hope to have the opportunity to gradually learn. However, as time goes by, I can only advance, break through, and return. When I saw someone who had studied for more than 10 years and had to go back to practice 849, I realized that practicing piano is a process of constant reshaping.
2.26
Looking at F today, knowing that he is alive, he can lift the 4 fingers alone and say that he can train and break my understanding. So I practiced and slept in the evening, and then I could lift my right hand. But in fact this is useless.
2.28
I have been practicing K545 for a few days. I feel it is very difficult to get a few details.
3.1
After looking at the class of Teacher Shao, I was very worried that the teacher would leave. We do not even have WeChat.
3.4
I practiced the K545 for more than 20 hours. I can basically go down, but I haven’t used a metronome yet. Listening to a recording is a crystal clear feeling, and I am very vague. The speed of 132 doesn't sound very fast, but it's hard to bomb. So I'm going to use 96 to practice. According to the "Piano Performance", it should be practiced with more breakups and phrases.
3.6
I am going to buy tickets for the 5.4-5.6 Chrisitian Blackshaw at the National Grand Theatre concert, all of Mozart's sonatas. For the first year, Qin learned Chopin and began to like Mozart the next year.
3.8
The right hand thumb hurts under the palm joint and the right hand has to rest for two days.
3.10
K545 Jane is difficult everywhere.
1. The vibrato in the fourth quarter will cause the inexplicable acceleration of the left hand.
2. The subsequent scales are not uniform enough.
3. The left hand decomposes the chord at the end of the long sentence, and the bomb is very messy.
4. After a period of vibrato, it is extremely difficult. If the tremors occur twice, the method of playing with a longer pause time is relatively simple, but it is somewhat ugly. The best thing is that the tremolo is slower and can be clearly heard.
5. The left and right hands break down the chord part, making it extremely difficult to play evenly, clearly, and elastically.
6. The last continuous tremolo in this period was relatively unreliable, slow, and finally handled poorly.
7. The Ministry of Development, the continuous connection between the right and left hands is not good, and it is prone to leaking sounds.
8. In the most difficult part, the left hand scale runs and it is extremely hard to hear.
9. It is more difficult to change the tremolo of the voice.
10. At the end of the climax, the right hand and the right hand are working together.
3.11
When I went to the school today, they said that Teacher Shao could come back after going abroad for a month. I don't know if it's OK to talk about Mr. Lu’s class, but K545 only has Teacher Shao to take me.
3.12
Polka, the middle part feels very strange, I do not know if I've got it right.
3.20
K545, I feel that I have encountered a bottleneck, and the speed is 120. There are still some problems with 132. Before the teacher returns, he shouldn't practice too much, otherwise he will walk more and more.
My piano must be tuned. Last time it was last May. Because there are still other things to do, it is difficult to practice five tomatoes a day, but I cannot be overwhelmed by life. Give up and try boldly.
3.26
I bought a seat in the 4.22 Chang Hua Master class and I was excited. What did I play on the 31st concert? Maybe not go. I would like to play the last two chapters of Kulau op20no1, but I am afraid I will not come back. What if you play Clementi op36no1? In the first chapter, I can easily play the wrong sound. The third chapter is very difficult to grasp the rhythm.
3.27
I heard that the Juilliard School of Music prohibits trainees from playing a song over and over again, and the "Piano Performance" also says that doing so is harmful. So from now on, you must exercise restraint and practice every paragraph.
3.29
At noon tomorrow, I will go to the class of teacher Luwan.
3.30
Teacher Lu played two, but it was shallow. Let me practice Khanom 4 and practice the little finger.
4.1
Class. Cherni 63 expresses the continuity of a long sentence, and the speed is faster. Little Bach, the affirmation of the lead tone. Mozart Sonata, right-hand alignment problem, the second paragraph, the left hand to light, 16 minutes rest. The reproduction department has a dolce mark and the right hand should be clear. Polka, to be lively, each sentence should reflect the end.
4.22
Professor Chang Hua’s master class is at the Stainway District of Shengshi Songer Asian Games Village. The seven children who were on the stage played (with some specific tracks indistinct) Bach equal temperament, spanish dance, Schubert-inspired fantasies, Mozart sonata K283, Haydn Sonata, Liszt-Sigh, Beethoven sonata. The height of the level has been amazing, but Prof. Chang Hua can still find a lot of questions for them. It is really awesome to have a demo on the spot. When I heard the parents there, I said: "Now I can't go back, I can only walk down this road." So they will be so strong.
There are a few deep impressions:
1. The breathing problem of long phrases. The child's breathing is too short to handle the entire long sentence. (Schubert's Impromptu Fantasia) The first sound is part of a long sentence and cannot be disconnected from below.
2. Many times when you look at raising your hand, you know what's wrong with it. Prof. Ling Yuan had a lecture, and the trainee raised his hand to carry on more than 20 consecutive times.
3. Should the tone be heavy? Sometimes it's true that the opposite is true.
4. Beethoven's sonatas must have "motivation." Some places must be sharp and angular, not round but square.
Then I ran to my piano lesson. The teacher said something more serious than before. Unfortunately, I didn't practice very much during this time and I felt a lot of regression. In some places, only the results of my muscle memory couldn't go along. The left and right hands of the sonata are always missing. I need to focus on solving this problem first.
4.30
Class. 599. My left hand chords are always leaky. There is no distinction between the strength of the tempo, and the speed is still slow. I have to go to 130. Bach 9 this is difficult for me, there are 3 voices. Sonata, metronome 120 go back to practice.
5.5
I went to the National Theatre-Little Theater to listen to Blackshaw's concert because I couldn't find anyone with me, so I sold another ticket for 20 pieces. When I went in, I found that the ticket number and the double number were different. The ticket number could be seen on the left hand side. I had the double number on the right, though I could only hear it in the first row. The focus is on the K545 in the second half. It feels a little slower than 132. The left hand accompaniment is quite heavy. The right hand tremolo is 5656 not 6565, but in fact it sounds good. Blackshaw's style is that the chords are lighter. No matter whether it is Turkish march or this song, it will not end with stress.
5.12
Class. Cherny 65, attention is not a decorative sound, the right hand is a three beat, the left hand do not play into a sound. Bach, pay attention to skipping do not play into the accent, where the connection line up and down in accordance with the strong and weak shot. Small sonatas, pay attention to the unity and stability of speed, do not overshadow the right hand melody sound. Polka, do not skip sound bulky. Scale, relax after playing a sound.
5.20
The exchange of students will be more boring, but I did not play. For the pianist, going to play the song should be as simple as writing, but I still do not have full grasp.
One of the classmates went up and said that in order to get rid of boringness, while watching movies while practicing Khanom, this is obviously wrong. Hamonong is not designed to move fingers. The most important thing is to keep the sound even. If you don't listen carefully, it's very easy to run. Training is counterproductive.
Another aunt said that it is quite reasonable and that playing the piano is manual work. I should also exercise my body while playing the piano. And it will take a few minutes to rest.
5.21
Class. Cherny, the new song notes that the sixteenth note of the left hand is not a decorative note, and do not get faster and faster. Bach, pay attention to the stability of speed, as well as the strength of the contrast, pay attention to cadence not too rush. The Sonata has progressed, and the details of the place are a lot to practice. The songs I played this week were relatively simple and I did not practice too much. The second 8th note of 599-66 should be broken, and I am playing on it. Polka still didn't practice. This was annoying.
6.2
Class. Cherny, pay attention to the left hand, do not play a decorative tone. Bach, pay attention to the division of phrases. Small sonatas, the speed is not too slow, the control is good, the left hand is coherent, the strength and weakness signs are obvious.
6.10
Professor Ling Yuan's master class. The piano child played the Haydn C major sonata, Chopin waltz in G major, Verdi - Rigolet, Chopin - impromptu fantasy, there is a Beethoven, and the other did not listen. Feeling in addition to Haydn's, the other bombs were somewhat reluctant. Professor Ling Yuan did not talk much about it. What impressed me most was that Haydn's song was light and humorous.
Ling Yuan's students who came up later were about 15 years old and were from the Central High School attached to the middle school. The Beethoven Sonata 2-3, Plock Fief-Toccata, Chopin's Narrative 1, and Xiao Lian 10-4. When you are on stage, you should sit for half a minute. You feel that the breath is completely different from the previous players. The performance is shocking. I recorded the video down.
6.14
Class. Cherny, pay attention to the fin, the clarity of each sound. Bach, pay attention to transfer. Sonata, pay attention to details, pay attention to the clarity of the sixteenth note, do not leave the right hand to the left hand, pay attention to the long decorative sound full of four beats.
6.23
Class. Cherny, pay attention to the time left by the left hand to be accurate, the right hand skipping sound and light, do not use the wrist. Bach, pay attention to getting stronger, do not worry about the speed, the second connection of the small connection do not jump. In the Sonata, the main problem is that the left hand is not coherent enough, the rhythm of the right hand is not rhythmically enough, and then the first three lines follow the practice of class.
The teacher asked me to take one class a week.
