Practice log
4.3
Start with Yamaha YS2.
4.6
I decided to change my habits and get up at 8am every morning. After 10 o'clock in the evening, the mute pedals are used. After 12 o'clock, they want to practice and switch to electric steel, so that they will not make noises to neighbors.
The song "Phoenix Yufei" is not fast in rhythm, but it does not require continuity. However, due to the fact that there are more black keys and many kinds of accompaniment, it is very difficult to handle. After practicing for 2 days, I couldn't play it smoothly. So first back spectrum, slow down, feel better.
4.8
Go to class today. Two-tone practice is a challenge to both fingering and hearing.
4.10
The thumb palm joint of the right hand often collapsed, which may be caused by the difference in the strength of the true steel. The left hand also has some problems. The first joint is concave when pressing the keys. The touch keys are not in the right position. After cutting the nails, it is better.
4.11
According to "The music under the fingertips," the metronome is important for beginners and is not limited to Etudes. I tried to use the metronome to play this week's music, but found some difficulties.
4.12
Tempo=72, feeling more comfortable. It is already possible to play this week's music along the metronome.
4.13
It's hard to get up at 8! These days are only 9 o'clock, practice 1 hour in the morning. Try Forrest Gump. However, the double-sound of the right-handed 1+4 is not awesome; Bye #72 can already be played at night, not on the metronome.
4.14
Tempo=80, 88, 120 tried the music. 120 is too fast, 88 is fine.
From the last concert, the gap between students and teachers is huge.
4.15
After recording a video, I found that my left hand had a serious tumbling phenomenon.
4.16
After practicing Bayer #74 for 72 days, he feels relatively simple.
How much should the speed of a scale be trained? Some of the older players on the Internet practiced a level of 10 years, about 120-140. I tried 120 is hopeful to achieve, 160 would not dare to imagine. I found a blog saying that some piano lessons were shared. The author is an English pianist in his 60s.
Https://worldofpiano.wordpress.com/2013/05/29/difficulties-of-the-adult-learner/
4.17
From 8:30.
Triplet started from 60.
4.18
From 8:30.
Practice Beyer's #75 and #76.
4.19
From 9 o'clock. Several of Beir’s capitals are skilled. The rhythm of the back-to-back hug is too difficult to play, and the accompaniment is a little weird and it is difficult to play it.
The video of Xiao Lian 24 was taken from youtube.
Booked a ticket for 8.25 Wu Muye Concert. There were 24 pieces of Xiao Lian.
4.20
Not up in the morning. He practiced for about 2 hours at night, and the back-to-back hugs were almost able to play.
4.21
Not up in the morning.
4.22
Class.
4.23
I've been training Beyer #78. With the exception of sections 9-12, it is important to note that the rest of the paragraph ends. In the two-tone part, the hardest part is C# and E. If the hand is moving forward, it is not correct. The intensity is difficult to balance.
4.24
Practiced Beyer #77. Seems to be a bit refusing, the problem of a long finger?
I regret not buying a silent piano. Now after 10 o'clock, I'm a little less able to practice. Now that the investment is a little bit more, 5400+28500+17800 has already surpassed 50,000, and it will be almost 100,000 to buy another mute. However, the problem of money is not a big deal. What is the main problem with the old piano?
Can someone zero-based study for 2 months to 849? To 299 I believe, I can. However, I would rather slow down. My plan is to play 299 for 2 years and then go to test.
For example, Beyer #74, I blew it up on the first day and then practiced it every day, but I haven't perfected it yet. Many problems, such as hand style, rhythm, etc., still need to be solved.
4.25
Practice #77, speed is about 120, but the legato will not be handled, to study the video. Want to practice # 105, C # minor, but the fingering did not understand in some places, the grace notes will not play.
4.26
Study #77 for legato and staccato.
How about playing scales to 180, I think I can!
Legato/stunting is indeed a difficult detail to handle. The teacher here did not remind me how much I could only rely on the pianist York's video. In general, when the end of the legato, you can raise your hand.
It is worth noting that most of Bye's left-hand parts are labeled legato, which is equivalent to a legato. I didn't think it was awkward to deliberately make a staccato without a connection.
4.27
There is no way to grow in a place where the pressure is too low, but I have not had the opportunity to compete and may only be able to find pressure on the stage.
#77, #78 played many times, but it was hard to perfect and new problems were discovered every day.
I would like to make up for the music, at least to make clear the notation of the staves, first come up with a cheetsheet. It does not seem to be good on the internet.
4.28
Studying LilyPond, I would like to use some songs to retype it.
4.29
Class. Baie #79~81
4.30
concert. I played three tracks. # If love has a good intention, Beyer #74, #78, is not difficult.
Feeling numb when playing triplet, it may be the cause of tension, but it's much better than last time. After I stepped down, some people said that I was not evenly distributed, but I didn't feel it on stage.
This time at least solved the previous three problems: 1. Forget the spectrum 2. The rhythm problem 3. Sitting posture problem. Hand tingling is a new problem, resulting in the lack of strength of the projectile.
I feel that the first person played well and the chords are powerful. She only learned a month and a half. But she said she just wanted to entertain herself.
Another very profound lesson from last month's concert was that no matter how well you practiced, you must have a score. So this is not a risk.
5.1 ~ 5.5
These days, I have been training Beyer #79-81. It takes about one day for each capital to practice, and the metronome behind me. The emoji on the spectrum I noticed long after.
The problem with #79 is that the 35-finger dimes are awkward and powerless.
The middle section of #80 is a bit difficult to get along with, and the value of the decorative sound is not very well controlled.
#81 is easy to stick when the thumb is in, cresc is also very difficult to engage.
The biggest problem is still weak hands. Therefore, it is indeed harmful and unprofitable to play too fast at this stage. If you are too quick, you cannot control your hand type. All kinds of tumbling and collapse are coming. You should slow down and increase your strength. According to "The Piano Performance", we must first stop.
Studying the speed of the scales, watch the youtube video. The first article of 299 pops down in 24 seconds. The two 8 degrees are 1.2 seconds. The speed is about 190. It sounds fast. I am now about 1.5 seconds and it is very uneven.
A few books were bought, but it was disappointing that the scores in other books except for the Human Voice Club were simply wrong. Freely turn two titles, such as "World Piano Music" # humorous Dvorak, F at the end of the first sentence marked C; "Clydeman piano" # rose life, the first sentence of the chord Should not include #D. Didn't you play it before you printed it? Or it's easy to find errors by listening directly to MIDI. I don't know how to proofread the scores. The significance of buying this book is to facilitate browsing through various tracks. It is really more practical to practice printing several A4s directly.
The mute pedal is a bit broken, and only the hard pedal is effective. I don't know if I can fix it when tuning. The tuning time for the appointment was set at 5.15pm, 10 days later than expected.
5.6
Class. The teacher said that the #79 bomb was blunt. This is a good change.
I haven’t studied the scores recently in class, and the teacher said it before.
5.7
This time #87 is a bit difficult, but it won't touch for the time being. Everything else is fine.
The second finger of the right hand is buzzing on the second joint, and afterwards it has some pain. I don't know whether it hurt or not. Later I feel better.
5.8
It is interesting to have a break in the E E major scale. Some people say that the E major scale is the simplest? It seems very reasonable.
It seems that #85 is not as simple as it seems. It has been practiced for hours.
You should get #82 tomorrow, and start #87 for the rest of the day.
5.9
Things are a bit annoying this week, rc gcj to be mixed in the past, but I haven't been a problem for a long time, rollover is very likely. Had to work in the gap during the day to practice.
In short, my time is running out. I don't know how to squeeze the time. It seems that the silent piano is the key. However, my current level has not reached the stage where a lot of quick knocks are needed. Maybe it's more appropriate to buy again at 849? In other words, if you use mute, the sound of knocking on the keyboard in the middle of the night may be noisy, so the perfect solution is to rent a basement.
I need to find an opportunity to talk to my teacher about my goal, because when I first started learning, I didn't know anything at all. I only said one “classical”, and the differences between 599 and 299 were not clear. Although the plan is to achieve 299, but what is the extent? This I do not understand very much now. It may be appropriate to determine the next step in the learning plan after the time of playing.
#85 seems to be a bit difficult, mainly because the key control is not good, and the second sentence has been practiced for a long time. #82 has not been cooked.
5.10
I found that the iPad was very useful for reading a spectrum app. I didn't expect it before.
After teaching the video in the piano bar, Teacher Chang Hua is sweet and professional, and I am ready to buy a few teachers’ books to study. The video attached to the pupils is super powerful. It is very easy to play Xiao Xiao. So, network is very important. One of the difficulties of adults learning piano is not finding a good network. If the students around are all aiming to play pop music, this network does not exist. Everyone is better than the one who plays the song better than the one who plays it. This way, the teacher will also be affected. The original classical one is now also popular.
5.11
I contacted Mr. Chen of Shengshi Song of Songs. I can buy a silent piano through the trade-in, so I bought it. After compensating for the difference of 17,900, the rental fee for the old piano was 1400. It is expected to arrive on Sunday.
I feel that struggling with a keyboard is a breakthrough bottleneck when practicing bottlenecks. According to "The Music Under the Fingertips," Liszt always plays the chords with the utmost intensity when practicing.
5.12
I can't get up late this morning. I would probably go back to practice at noon every week for a day. The fastest dumplings, subway, or noodles for lunch can be squeezed out for an hour.
Some people say that "not all the time to practice the piano, but to grasp all the time practicing the piano", although this sentence makes sense, but it is easy for people to produce "I only need to practice one hour a day is enough" misunderstanding. Don't put yourself on the same day.
5.13
Class.
5.14
Silent piano arrived. Feel the feel is not the same, drumsticks sound is relatively large, but with a mobile phone recording test, a few meters away from the basic can not hear the knock, so it looks like a noise pad will be laid. If you do not open the silence will be very loud, so that there will be some problems when power outages. But will headphones hurt your ears? According to the instructions, you can add other audio output devices.
5.15
Today afternoon about tuning, it took about half an hour. But it does not affect the effect of electric sound, so the significance is not great.
5.16
#92 (Little Sisters) has been practiced and began to practice other Etudes. What is the degree of difficulty, and now it is not to pursue speed.
Listening to the electric tone on the headphones feels a bit uncomfortable. The only thing that cannot be obtained is the best. The silent piano that I have been looking forward to is still somewhat flawed. What I worry about is the sound of a hammer. Can I practice in the middle of the night? Can only wait until the downstairs to knock on the door to verify.
My feeling is that if you want to practice well, you must reach a breakthrough goal in certain periods. Has been a simple "stick to it" can only reach an average level.
5.17
He practiced for half an hour in the morning.
5.18
The #89 1/16 rest is difficult to deal with.
5.19
These feelings are almost ready to play, but the metronome is not open, and the 6/8 is difficult. If the speed was high, the metronome turned on easily and it was depressing to slow down the metronome. This was equivalent to retraining. So is it a metronome when it was first practiced? Feeling a lot lower efficiency.
5.20
Although about 5 o'clock today, but the teacher's class was too full without success. Another teacher took a composing piece to let me practice. I felt that this practice was very shabby, so I only practiced it a few times.
5.21
Class. The #88's collapsing bomb was slightly collapsed, the #90 bomb couldn't hold back, and the #92's second shot was broken. The others were fine.
It feels too much hard for the teacher to teach too many students, and some urgency in class. However, the schedule is still very reasonable.
5.22
After practicing for a while in the morning, #94 is quite simple, but it should be speeded up.
Overtime at night led to no piano training and depression.
5.23
His wrist felt a little painful and felt depressed during sleep.
5.24
One day, I was a little rusty, and #94, #96 basically touched it. #93 may be a bit difficult.
5.25
I feel that the rest of my days are not very regular, and I haven’t been impressed by how long I’ve practiced. It seems like every day is also an hour?
5.26
#95 looks simple and it's actually not good. The first tone is very strange. If only the right hand is used, why are both scores marked? Still can choose one hand. The #93 didn't look so hard.
5.27
This #95 song is actually a bit strange, mainly in the second half. Although it is not fast, it is difficult to practice without playing the melody. You must play faster to understand the melody.
5.28
The #88 concert may be affected by #94. At the beginning, the left hand is too fast to be able to match. Try to use the wrong rhythm to force the bullet. After playing the first sentence, it will obviously not work. Can not slow down on the court, had to speed up the right hand to get on. Someone speaking below influences playing.
There are two people who are good at playing the bombardment of Richardman. It took only one to three months to learn it. I don't know Richardman's difficulty, but I don't think I can play it at this level. I would like to hear how the bombs that we have learned for more than a year have been taught, but it seems that there are very few such students.
Some people say that the number of people who jumped to #88 in three months is very fast. In fact, the progress is not necessarily high, and it is not necessary to think too much. It is as good as the teacher's arrangement.
I feel that the state of the past few days is not very good. Although I practiced a lot, I did not seem to have any impression at all. As a result, my playing status was very fascinating and I completely missed what I was playing. It may be more important than the exercise volume to have a good routine and regular exercise.
5.29
#94 At the mark's speed, the bullets are snapping fast and the left hand will be acid. So probably only use 50%~80% speed.
The teacher did not attend the class today. In fact, this week has not yet been practiced, so I will practice for another week.
5.30
I feel #93 and #95 are smooth.
Many of the things I had practiced before playing it, because it was muscle memory, it will not be. If I have time, I should review it.
Looking at the street piano video of youtube, there was a bomb blast on the Maksim Mrvica Cubana Cubana, which was much stronger than Croatia and simpler.
5.31
Looking at york's video, I found that I actually dropped #94 by an octave.
Boring, you can play it from the back to the front and you can probably think of it 2 or 3 times. Play #97, #98 again. #98 is quite simple. It took almost an hour to practice.
6.1
I got up in the morning for 20 minutes.
The #95 hold tone was not noticed before.
#98 is a difficult point to stop, and the left hand is also not very easy to deal with. It is not so simple to pop up the light atmosphere of the 3/8 beat.
6.2
I practiced for about 30 minutes in the morning.
6.3
Class. The teacher said that the #94 left hand was playing faster, and the #96 left and right hand had some problems. Regaining #96 is still not good.
#98 After listening to the teacher's sighting, I discovered that I had missed a tone before, but york was wrong on the video.
It took more than 20 minutes and I did not let me play it. I felt I was playing much better than before.
I learned #99. In this case, it will probably take 2 or 3 lessons to complete Beye.
6.4
6.5
Practiced more than one hour in the morning
#97 and #98 are fine, #99 is not touched
6.6
Start practicing #99.
Mr1900 opened an open class, No. 6.24, at zhihu live. He also wrote many articles before.
6.7
#99 is really difficult. I haven't played it for a long time. There is a 42 and 15 point change.
6.8
#99 can achieve 80% fluency.
6.9
#99 looks no problem.
6.10
Class. #98's left hand is too heavy? Not very well controlled. The gradual strength and weakness of #99 are not reflected.
6.11
After taking a bath in the morning, I feel that the right palm joint is stiff during practice and it will be a good while.
It's not hard to feel #100.
6.12
hand pain
6.16
Work pressure is a bit big. Difficult to maintain.
6.17
Class. #101, #102, and #104.
6.19 - 6.23
#101 Practiced for a night with a metronome.
The #16 sixteenth note is fine, and the homophonic fingering is also done behind. However, the rhythm of a few bars is not very easy to grasp. It is actually fast. Looked at York's demonstration to understand.
#104 feels a bit difficult and does not want to practice. The breakup barely bounced off, but there was something strange behind it.
6.24
Afternoon class. Classes #101 and #102 are fine. #104 is very disappointing. This time learning #104 and #105 is a bit difficult.
In the evening, Mr1900 knew live.
There is a good idea here: learning piano started with interest, followed by perseverance. After really studying for 3 months, I didn't feel it was so powerful. Sometimes it was difficult to practice for 1 hour a day.
6.25
concert. The #97 and #99 were selected before, but they were only played very late. Before the bombing, he was not confident in #99 (folk ballad) and he was afraid that the fingering could not remember. Simply looking for the former personal bomb, he found the piano and stepped on the mute pedal. Then he played #97 quickly and then played #98 (which should not be heard below). The last #99 was relatively smooth, but the fingertips in one place were soft.
Why do tensions lead to poor play? If you turn into a sense of excitement, the performance may be better. In normal times, the technique has been developed, and when it is time, it can be played and there is no need to worry about bouncing.
6.26
The piano can always hear a harsh electric current when it is connected to a headset. It is useless to change headphones, and the external speaker is solved. I don't want to wear headphones afterwards, but the piano problem may require repairs. Fortunately, there is a five-year warranty.
6.27
The cooperation of #104 is still good, but the two-tone sound is always unstable, especially the last part is difficult to force, and the wrist is moving.
7.1
Class. The #105 behind the bomb collapsed and he played back again.
7.7
This week, basically #105 is practiced, and the woman is very easy to change. There is no problem in practicing for a few hours.
7.8
Class. Baie learned to finish in 4 months and started 599. This month's concert will have to be #105 and # woman change.
7.9
I would like to review all the things before Beyer, but it seems difficult. Before reading the spectrum, the basics can still be played, and the fingering of the back spectrum will not be completely forgotten. This is probably one of the harmful aspects of back spectrum. Back spectrum is indeed a lazy way.
7.10
The return class in the past few weeks did not feel very satisfactory. How much can a tune be taught before returning to class? Before I thought I could play it, I would like to play it seriously. However, if it is only at this level, it will collapse when it is up and down. Therefore, we should have reached a stage of "unconsciousness" and have reached the level of flexibility when we relax.
7.11
Before listening to Chopin's Syria, I didn't feel anything. Today I listened to it. I didn't have enough level of appreciation. Li Yundi's version is somewhat jerky and Zimerman's is perfect.
7.15
The murmur of the headphones was good for a while, and now it's there again, but it wasn't the kind of current that happened before. It was a squeaky sound. I opened the piano and observed it as a result of the vibration of the soundproofed steel plate. I did not know how to repair it.
7.16
Class. #20 Right-handed skipping and left-handed coordination are not good, and the rhythm is more problematic.
The teacher left 5 in one breath and it felt a bit difficult.
7.17
The practice path of practicing piano is actually not regular. Whatever "trains 10000 hours will be very strong" is just a lazy idea. In the process of growing up, we must work hard to solve some key issues. There is no exact time.
So I think douban those playing cards are very naive, where the punching 1000th floor, not as good as a Xiao Xiao video convincing.
Someone played music on the radio at Netease Cloud Music. It was good. I went back to open one. Just do not know how to record better.
7.30
"Lovely home", I still really want to play this song. I practiced for more than a month, and I was able to play it smoothly one month ago. I tried it on the piano 10 minutes before we took the stage. The teacher looked at it and it was fine. But why did the stage performance collapse? And this directly led to the discontinuation of the second shot of my bomb (the second one is simple, but there is no standard fingering, but I have been groping for it but always feel weird, causing problems under pressure). Is it because of nervousness? I don't believe it because I'm not nervous at all, and I'm still nervous on my fifth appearance. So this situation is completely unexplained. I feel humiliated, ashamed and helpless. My mentality has been fatal. I do not want to be in power.
I think of something that can be improved:
1. Do not play 2 songs at the concert, because if the first one collapses, the second mentality will mess up.
2. Choose a recent practice, not one month ago
3. To be rhythmical and simple, there is accompaniment type in the left hand, speed does not affect the rhythm
4. Do not touch electric steel before playing, affect the feel
5. Exercise! Practice before practice and don't do anything else
8.2
I used IDM to download BJ Chang's Beyer and 599 teaching, and it is very valuable to learn.
8.5
The pain of the loss of the concert was still not resolved. I did not go to class this week, although I have been practicing and I have already had a few songs. I would like to go back when the teacher is about to remember me.
8.6
After entering 599, the rhythm has always been a bit of a problem. The first two lessons did not go well. So I decided not to go to class without practicing. I retrained #30 and finally managed to smooth the back.
#36 At first, it was very difficult to play this song, but it was easy to play it. I like this one very much. Chang Hua's video says that raising his hand before the end of the paragraph is light
#37, the first half of the octave and the latter half of the two-tone legato are difficult, especially in the latter half of the right hand. There is not enough strength to control.
#39, the last part of the right hand is not well mastered
#40, The last wrist will turn, I don't know right
8.21
Without good practice, I will not go back to class. I am not pursuing progress at all and I do not want to play any good music.
#41, The left hand is not very good at the end of the second line, either the wrists turn, or the black keys, unable to maintain smooth
#43, it's hard to get started, and if you don't listen to it a few times, you're looking for bad rhythms. When you are acquainted, you only need to overcome several difficulties
Kulau op55 no.1, the first time I did not hear the feeling, I think it is still very good. I am fighting for a concert in September.
8.27
I do not know what to say. My mentality has collapsed. This time, I selected two familiar songs and made many preparations, including acting on the stage. The position was accurate to the millimeter, but it still collapsed. The piano is too hard, I found that the fundamentals do not go! This piano is different from the others, and I can't adapt to it. Some of the slow-moving songs I played before were okay, but once they were dual-tone and fast, I would collapse. Beyer #99 was supposed to be a very tangled piece of fingering, but I still played it well because of the rhythm. And the #37, #38 of the 599 I chose, if played with the rhythm of the previous practice, will inevitably be a big problem.
But these are all indifferent, I am very angry, and I have offended everyone, but my goal will not change. This month, it broke again. Then I went back to practice for a month and come back next month. Failure is only a successful exercise, and I want to keep fighting!
In addition, even if everyone is playing popular, I have to play classic! Popular tracks, including Richard Mann, I don't want to bomb a capital. I'm going to grading. My goal is to practice. I'll be there sooner or later!
9.7
Kurau op55 no.1 small sonata is a difficulty 2-3 level song, should be considered relatively simple. However, I completely bounced off and felt only about 1/5. If you use a metronome, the speed is too slow to pop up. I can accept 120-132 speed. The teachers in the class mainly reflected on the question of severity and the unclearness of the left hand. The root cause is that the fingers are too soft to stand still, so should you go to practice Hanon?
The second half of the chromatic scale is a tricky passage, but it can be solved by practice. It may be difficult to adapt only if you change the piano.
9.11
Chracting the chromatic scale feels a little painful, and it's been a while. Feeling my hands couldn't hold high-strength exercises, I was scared of any tenosynovitis, but it wasn't a big problem. The chromatic scales sounded completely wrong when they began to practice, and they gradually felt fluent afterwards. It should have a gradual and accelerating process, and it must be consistent. Left-handed processing is also very important.
9.15
I recorded the second chapter and it sounded completely different when it was played. The feel of the bomb is not very clean and it is not well controlled. However, recording with iPhone is also a problem and requires a professional recording device.
9.18
Right hand finger pain after training at noon
9.21
After a few days of rest, I feel that my hands are getting better
10.2
In fact, Chopin's waltz in A minor is not very difficult, but there is no early practice, only practicing for a week or so, the pedal will not step on, the middle errant sound is not good. Small sonatas are faster, and there are problems with rhythms in some places.
10.8
After practicing for another week, the pedal is still wrong. You should step on the end of the first sound to ensure that the first sound is extended but it cannot be mixed into the sound of the previous measure. But I can't hear the problem myself.
10.11
1 hour per day
10.15
Class. I finally finished playing these capitals and recorded videos. Next we will study 46, 47 of 599 and Kuo op20 no.1.
When recording video, I was tense. Before the first movement of the small Sonata, I was unsuccessful for the first few times. I finally found the feeling after reading the spectrum.
10.16
After listening to Liu Ruosha's Coulou op20 no.1 several times, I feel a lot harder than the previous one, but I should still be able to practice it. Sometimes it will start to feel difficult, and I just have to work hard for a while.
599-46, the fingering of the two-tone sound is very strange, 31-52-41 can not do it, change to 31-52-31. The second paragraph of the left hand main theme, the right hand is not well controlled.
10.19
The 599's 46 and 47 are not difficult.
10.22
I found that if I want to practice a song, I must first like to listen to it, and then I must feel my own improvement. Only in this way can I have the motivation to practice. After learning the piano for a period of time, there will be some sense of depression. One is boring, and the other is that it is not right to train a piece of music. Every time it is played back by the teacher. However, the current teacher's point is that each time you can find a problem to help me improve and improve, so you can continue to get better by practicing.
10.26
In class, there was a hurry at noon and the situation was not very good. I couldn't quite understand the sound of playing. Some of the previous songs did not lead to strangers. I don't know if I should go to a concert. I have been nervous and nervous these days.
10.29
Several people came to this concert, so I went up and played a small sonata. I felt that the piano was not as hard as it used to be, but the hand still shook, and 80% of it bounced off.
Then the principal of the Holy Scripture came to us to brainwash several people and instilled his teaching methods for adult pianos. The general idea is that starting from a simple popular song (Songs of the Four Seasons), adding a left hand accompaniment, adding more parts of the right hand, and accelerating, it is a "shortcut" for adult learners, and should not be used to teach children the Beyer-Hainen-599 route. This theory is based on two points: 1. Adult pianos do not have much time, and pop-ups will lose interest quickly. 2. There is no professional skill for boys.
Although I do not agree with this method, I have not made any arguments at the scene. Because what I am learning now is 599, Hainong, not these messy things, and the teacher is very good at teaching. If I hardly let me learn these garbage later, I will leave immediately. So I still have to say: 1. The goal of my piano learning is to pass 10 levels of training. If I can't reach it, I won't give up. 2. I never believe in boy power.
11.3
Stop for a few days.
11.6
It was a good injury, but hr really talked, and in the afternoon it made me feel calm. You can start practising again.
11.10
599 48, 49 practiced 2 days is relatively simple, the small sonata metronome jumped to 90-110 practicing for a few days.
11.12
In class, the beginning of playing op55 actually did not go on in the first paragraph, because after practicing other songs, it caused the fingering to be disordered, but the broken shot and the wrong rhythm were not big problems, mainly because the whole feeling did not reach the degree that the performance could be performed. . This is the most depressing, because I don't even know how to practice. I need to look at the video to study it. The other bombs are okay. Op20 no1 can practice 2,3 movements, 599 left 51, 53, and gave me a song in Chopin Nocturne Nocturne. This nocturne feels extremely difficult to grade 6, 7? The 4 # still has vibrato, but the key is that the final 35-tone tunes will not work at all.
11.14
I downloaded a few op20 nocturne videos from youtube and it didn't feel very difficult, and the song could be played slower. Of course there will be speed at the end or it sounds stupid, but if it is smooth, the E major scale is the simplest of all scales.
11.15
It's too cold, heating doesn't work anymore
11.17
Listening to Liu Ruosha's third movement, the left hand has a very compact feeling. It is not driven by the right hand. It feels very interesting. If you follow the right hand, it will appear more sluggish.
11.19
Cold, lying on the bed on Sunday for a day.
11.20
At noon on the third movement op20 recording, 3 minutes 10 seconds, Liu Ruosha is 2 minutes and 35 seconds, Song Hao 2 minutes and 40 seconds. I think it would be acceptable in 3 minutes or so, and then use the metronome to control it.
Today I feel no cold yesterday, but I do not practice much.
11.21
I basically put down the three movements of op20, and I started to practice 599 and nocturne. I am going to go to class this Sunday.
11.22
These days I have been listening to the recording. I feel that the third movement can only be preceded by a few bullets. The back is very hard. There are several places where the bullets are not yet solved.
In the first movement, the part that was running fast, the 34-finger finger had been problematic, and he had practiced it a few times for some improvement.
The scale of #C will also be practiced every day. The location of the black keys is still not certain. Sometimes it feels like it's still not recorded.
11.23
I think of a way to practice the piano by listening to the recording and playing the piano with the silence, so that I can find the correct speed and rhythm (but I don't feel at all).
Yesterday, my fingers touched and hurt a bit.
11.24
I would like to go back to practice at noon, but I have to eat with my colleagues one day a week.
11.26
The teacher was not there. There was no class today. But nocturne I did not practice at all.
11.27
The 599 Etude has a certain technical content, but it is too short. Even if it is difficult, it can be rushed through a large number of exercises in a short time (2 to 3 days). At the same time, if you do not touch for a while, you will forget everything. Overall, 599 is quite boring and the feeling of practice is not very good. I'm going to make 599 (Free Plus Bayer) a recording album starting at 20.
12.5
In the past month, I hadn’t attended the class. I asked today and the teacher resigned. It was a bit sad that the two teachers who taught me the piano were gone. Teaching teachers can often find some key points, which are very technical. I also recorded several videos for me.
Therefore, I need to find a new teacher to give lessons. I don't know if I can learn from the previous route. If I can't, I will pause the course and go outside to find a teacher. I think the biggest value here is the concert performance.
12.6
Today I saw 20 degrees in the room
12.10
Teacher Shao is a teacher of a high level and will give you pressure. After I went to school, I felt I was still not practicing enough. Emoticons do not show up and the left hand is not light enough. The 599's rhythm is unstable, and the left hand of the right hand skipping sound also becomes a jump. I have no confidence in throwing a bunch of problems. I will fight for students who are not disappointing.
When I went back to class, I often had problems with the scores. This problem must be changed.
12.16
Class. The first movement was quite smooth. The teacher said that it can be hurried again. The second movement is that the board is not a slow board, and the pedal is a bit awkward. The skipping sound is too short and the non-jumping sound is not long enough. The third movement drags a little at the end of each section.
599 I did not return class and I regret that I didn't start training a few days earlier. #54 is not difficult, only two places with two sounds are not easy to handle. I tried to make surprises in the last 2 days, but it was really hard. Still need time to sharpen.
12.17
Will there be two concerts each month? I went up and played the first movement. I didn't have time to warm up and it caused the quick part to collapse. After that, you must find an opportunity to try the piano first.
12.24
Class. 599 can also be, because practicing for 2 weeks, when the attention is not broken, the tone can not be connected, when the two-tone treble prominent connection.
The third movement of the small sonata is more complicated, as 2/4 beats, the latter half is weak beat, but also the ups and downs of the volume, the fast part of the left hand should be controlled.
12.29
At noon every day in the past month, I went home to practice piano and I did not eat with my colleagues.
12.30
Class. 599 actually worked but did not play. The teacher asked me to play the first sonata of the small sonata tomorrow. I directed a lesson on the piano, added a pedal, and had a metronome speed of 126. My left hand is still a little heavy, and the middle and the end of the stress are not prominent. The "roll" of the 16-note note needs to be practiced in full accent mode. I couldn't find the tone in the middle part of my practice. I skipped a big section each time. It was very stupid. The teacher was a bit unwilling to teach.
12.31
concert. This time around 1:30 I went to find my first practice for more than an hour. I was ranked second to last and there was a bad one before the first one, so it would be better if I played back. The teacher said yesterday that I was playing and I was wrong. I should think about it and play it again. But I don't know what to think about it. I went up and tried several times. The result was still played wrong. But this time I did not speak and I re-emergencyly. When the 16th note is still not connected, there is a need for strength. A little nervous hand is completely boring. So I replayed the first paragraph when I repeated the mark, and I also made a warm-up for the back. In the middle of the two-tone can not remember, behind a feeling of left hand to deal with a problem? It seems that I heard the teacher sigh at the back, I still can not help the wall ah. The last part is OK, and the surprise is that the applause from the audience is quite enthusiastic. I feel that this is my best time this year, although it is still far from the teacher’s request.
